c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Publicaciones.exe.config
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Publicaciones.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\PorAutor.baml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\PorAutor.g.cs
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Publicaciones_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Publicaciones.g.resources
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Publicaciones.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Publicaciones.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Publicaciones.exe
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Publicaciones.pdb
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\UIControls.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.GridView.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Publicaciones.exe
c:\users\lavega\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Publicaciones.pdb
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Publicaciones_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Window1.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Window1.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\PorObra.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\PorObra.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.ribbonview.dll
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.ribbonview.xml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.data.dll
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.data.xml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Splash\SplashWin.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Splash\SplashWin.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.dll
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Docking.xml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Ayudas\ColorAutor.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Ayudas\ColorAutor.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Ayudas\ColorObras.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Ayudas\ColorObras.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Mantenimiento\RelacionObraAutor.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Mantenimiento\RelacionObraAutor.g.cs
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\ScjnUtilities.dll
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\bin\Debug\ScjnUtilities.pdb
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Mantenimiento\AddAutor.baml
C:\Users\lavega\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Publicaciones\Publicaciones\obj\x86\Debug\Mantenimiento\AddAutor.g.cs
